Adjust the meaning of relative `require()` calls within `init.luau` (#109)
luau-lang/rfcs: docs/abstract-module-paths-and-init-dot-luau.md

project, we would like to rectify this.

## Design

First, we introduce a new abstraction: a _module path_.  Module paths refer
either to _modules_ or _directories_.

For the purposes of navigation, both modules and directories are functionally
identical: modules and directories can both have children, which could
themselves be modules or directories, and both types can have at most one
parent, which could also be either a module or a directory.

The thing that separates a module from a directory is precisely that modules
represent source code that can be imported via the `require()` function.
Directories, by contrast, are merely organizational units.

The central feature of this RFC is about how module paths correspond to
filesystem paths: A module path refers to a module if it corresponds either to a
`.luau` file or to a directory that contains a file named `init.luau`.  A module
path refers to a directory if it refers to a filesystem directory that lacks an
`init.luau` file.

More concretely, Luau will no longer consider relative requires from a package
`init.luau` file to resolve relative to the script itself.  It will instead

> resolve relative to the script's parent, i.e. the folder containing the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resolve relative to the location of the abstract module it represents, i.e. the
location of its parent folder in a filesystem context.
```
For clarity: "module" means the abstract module visible to require-by-string; terms like "file" and "folder" specifically refer to the filesystem representation of modules.

path refers to a directory if it refers to a filesystem directory that lacks an
`init.luau` file.

More concretely, Luau will no longer consider relative requires from a package
`init.luau` file to resolve relative to the script itself.  It will instead
resolve relative to the location of the abstract module it represents, i.e. the
location of its parent folder in a filesystem context.

Secondly, we recognize an unfortunate side effect of this change: code within
`package/init.luau` is forced to write `require('./package/dependency')` when it
specifically wants to carry out the ordinary task of importing a subordinate
module.

We propose to alleviate this with a special import alias `@self` that resolves
to the path to the current module.

```lua
-- package/init.luau

local foo = require('./foo')     -- This pulls in the outer foo!
local foo = require('@self/foo') -- import package/foo
```

## Drawbacks

On a filesystem, Rojo's behaviour is frankly very weird!  A reader must know the
name of the current source file in order to know what `require('./foo')` will
do, and if a developer renames a file to or from `init.luau`, they will be
forced to rewrite every `require()`.

> We can mitigate this with a new lint: If a module is the parent of other

Reviewer: We're at a good place with this RFC, and we've hit the 2 week minimum time now as well. I think this section about the lint is probably the only remaining piece to figure out. I'd propose we just leave this out—it's a bit weird on the filesystem but makes more sense in the context of Roblox, so I'm not sure we should prescribe anything at the language level here.
